Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪ When we die ♪
♪ And move on to new lives ♪
♪ How will I find you? ♪
♪ Will you know it's me when I
do? ♪
♪ Will we remember how it felt
♪
♪ When I held you
So happy we could melt ♪
♪ Will it drift away
A distant memory of yesterday ♪
♪ When you lie ♪
♪ When you lie awake at night ♪
♪ Are you thinking of me
Hoping I am sleeping sweetly? ♪
♪ Are you thinking of how it
felt ♪
♪ When you held me
So happy we could melt ♪
♪ Do you drift away
Dreaming of another day? ♪
What the hell is the Wi-Fi
password?
I've been sending JoinMyTrip
emails
and no one's even opening them.
I totally answered.
Oh. my God.
you answered to say that
you weren't going to go
to Florida.
I mean. that was a given.
It was never even on the table.
It wasn't an option.
so it doesn't even count.
That's like nixing the tiramisu.
Nobody wants the fucking
tiramisu.
-I do. I love tiramisu.
-Of course you do. honey.
-Listen. I love this platter.
-Mmm.
-What's the Wi-Fi password?
-No idea. The kid's got my
phone.
Nora. sweetie. do you have a
bowl?
Like. a real bowl for the dip?
-Yeah. sure. This isn't a real
bowl?
-No.
-What's the Wi-Fi password?
-Hey. if you get on.
-can you check something for me?
-Yeah.
And maybe something.
uh. green or red. you know.
something where the color
really pops.
-You got it. Okay.
-Uh. Nora. Wi-Fi?
-Uh. "home sweet home."
-Oh. and you know what?
Maybe a little bit of jicama as
well.
You're amazing.
Fuck Shannon. no one eats
jicama!
-I eat jicama!
-Babe. you want these?
Oh. baby. what are you doing
with those?
Please throw them out.
Mmm. that's good. Um. fuck. is
that ours?
Our what?
Not me.
Kate? Kate. please.
Just don't throw up in the pool.
I'm not gonna throw up in the
pool.
Daddy. look!
Whoa! Cannonball.
We're applying to the science
magnets.
Oh. my gosh. that's great.
That's so amazing.
-Remember Ben in kindergarten?
-Yeah.
He had the rocking chair.
every chewable on the market.
-Right. right.
-Look. look at this picture.
-He's even wearing a lab coat.
-One sec.
Oh. that's adorable. Yes. love?
-Oh. hey!
-My mom said you'd give me a
bandage.
-What happened?
-Max pushed me.
Oh. I'm sor-- Where-- where
did-- where?
On your-- I don't even see--
Does it hurt?
-Not really.
-Okay.
Well. there should be some
in the pool house. okay?
I don't like princesses. I like
dogs.
You don't like princesses. but
you like--
Oh. all right.
What is it? What happened?
She's not breathing.
What do you mean. she's not
breathing?
-She's not breathing.
-Somebody call 911!
-Oh. sweetheart.
CLEARMIND
♪ Follow me ♪
♪ Through the trees ♪
♪ We'll go walking in the sun ♪
♪ Find a place ♪
♪ To lay down ♪
♪ In your scared mind ♪
♪ Ain't it great to be crazy? ♪
♪ And I miss you lately ♪
♪ And darling. don't I know ♪
♪ That I loved you completely ♪
♪ And it kills me to let you
go ♪
♪ To let you go ♪
You don't have to wait with me.
you know.
I know. But Dr. Crosby said.
you know. until we find
the right balance. it's--
Half the country is on meds.
Michael.
You don't see them being
driven around by their exes.
It's fine. Shelby doesn't mind.
Oh! Well. that's nice.
I know. such a big heart. Too
big.
Got two stray cats
living on the porch now.
Wow. Cats.
Yeah. She's really helped me
get over--
I mean. sorry. not get over--
get through everything.
-You know. letting go.
-I'm so glad.
-Not that it's not okay to not
be okay.
-Mm-hmm.
Thanks. Thank you.
She-- she has a podcast.
actually.
It was called a must-listen
by Christian Countdown last
month.
Uh. Rolling Holy.
Uh-- I know. I know. it's a
cute name-- but it's number six
on the charts.
-Oh. gosh.
-Yeah.
I'm gonna have her
talk to David this weekend.
You know. he's got that show on.
um. whatever network it is.
But. uh. you know.
podcasts are huge right now.
I'm sorry. this weekend?
-Wow. They're doing it? You're
going?
-Well...
Well...
-it is a tradition.
-Our tradition.
And to honor that.
Shannon decided to host.
-Without me.
-For you.
Without you.
Look. you know they'd love to
see you.
-Oh. I'm sure.
-When you're ready.
Which. um. actually...
-there's something that. um.
I've been--
-Listen. I'm sorry.
Do you know if it's time?
-Uh...
-I really don't wanna cut it
short.
-The session?
-Right. Uh...
Listen. are you sure
that this is the right way
to be moving on?
I mean. you know Lily.
I just wanna make sure
she's helping
and not hurting.
Um. I'm gonna head back
and use the restroom
if that's okay?
Come on. Nora.
Thanks for the ride. Michael.
I'm so happy you've healed.
That's not fair. Nora.
We deserve another chance. We
both do.
You're allergic to cats.
Not anymore.
Well.
What a blessing.
I hope you have fun this
weekend. Michael.
Letting go.
You definitely deserve it.
Nora. please don't...
What do you mean. plateau?
It's repeat exposure. that's
how it works.
Michael has a new girlfriend.
-Does he?
-Mm-hmm.
She has her own podcast.
It's. like. on some top-ten list
or something.
Oh. please. Anyone can have a
podcast.
You're making actual change.
Besides.
you've only been with us for
like. what?
-Two months.
-That's nothing.
It used to take you two months
to pick out an outfit.
-Oh. my God. Really?
-In high school. Gary! Kids are
mean.
Not to you. God. she was so
cheerful.
I mean. like. happy-happy.
-Was I?
-Anyway. they're your friends.
-And yours.
-Oh. yeah?
You call being the hook-up
to my weed dealer brother a
friendship?
-How is Walt?
-Oh. my God. VP of Sales.
Midwest division.
But. I mean.
pharmaceuticals are huge
right now.
Anyway. patience.
Memory is tricky.
Yeah? We got lots of loose ends.
How will I know when I'm ready?
You'll know. We'll know.
Okay. Let's start with the bird
cam.
and let's get our baseline.
-Okay.
-Okay. does that feel good?
-Mm-hmm.
-Okay. Thank you. Ger.
All right. Let's get those
birds going.
Okay.
Busy day in the garden today.
Oh. no. Her nest. Again?
Yeah. it was a hawk this time.
They'd been circling the day
before.
There were. like.
three or four eggs in there.
That is so sad.
Well. you can't use old wood
to make a new nest.
-She's starting again.
-I know.
Are those eggshells?
So morbid. right?
Talk about not turning the
trauma wheel.
Well. you know what? Birds
aren't
exactly known for their brains.
I thought they were smart.
Oh. are they? I don't know.
I mean. they're birds.
Yeah. they have tiny heads.
At least she won't forget.
Memory is the enemy. okay?
Don't be that bird.
You're right. You're right.
Let's try. Lily. Let's see if
it's time.
Okay. all right. all right.
Gary's gonna come get you
hooked up.
No. no. no.
Without the headset. In person.
No. We are getting there. okay?
-Your startle reflex is--
-Nonexistent. I don't even
flinch.
Which is how we know it's
working.
Okay. are you going this
weekend?
I heard Shannon's hosting.
No. I mean. maybe.
No. I mean. I'm just-- I'm
having--
-I haven't--
-They didn't even invite me.
Have you been sleeping?
Okay. Gary. can I-- Oh. he's
right there.
Can I get two milligrams of
Midazolam?
Okay. girl. Get the dizzle.
Maybe I don't need it. Maybe I
should try.
It's not that easy.
We would need Bob to sign off.
We would need releases.
To see our friends?
Look how far you've come. Lily.
You're practically a doctor now.
Well...
Maybe now they'll stop
hitting you up for. like.
free yoga or Walt's weed.
Right? Right.
So Shannon's hosting. right?
She's got the room.
She's got more than the room.
She has a whole lake house now.
Her grandpa finally kicked it.
Yeah. A whole house.
Really? Like in my sim?
Well. it was easy to replicate.
and I figured you would go there
eventually.
-so it would be. you know--
-Familiar.
-Yeah.
-How perfect.
Well. not yet.
I mean. we still gotta build it
out.
-It's-- it's early.
-K-ville. though. That's not
far.
Special delivery.
We're out of two. so I got you
a four.
Oh. wow. You ate this morning.
right?
Lily. come on.
I'll be your surprise guest.
Oh. it would be a surprise.
-And they would be--
-So happy to see me.
-Well...
-Okay. let's get you hooked in.
-Okay.
-I will check your levels.
-I'm not getting hooked up.
-What are you talking about?
No. wha--
Please. you have to be careful
with that. Please.
I need you to stop touching.
-You stop touching!
-Hey. time out. Gary. over here.
Nora. you don't just show up.
okay?
That's not how it works.
Do you want me to get Bob
or somebody from up on four?
Oh. fuck Bob. What the fuck
does Bob know?
He is trained in the five
stages of grief.
I thought there were seven.
-You're thinking of seven
habits.
-That was such a good book.
Yeah. well.
he doesn't know grief like I
know grief.
-Oh. okay.
-So fuck him.
There are seven fucking stages
to mine.
All right. all right.
Well. we're gonna put this on.
and then we're-- Nora!
-You are wasting time.
-He is starting over. Lily.
Look. we're gonna get a
baseline.
We're gonna watch the bird cam.
Maybe she made a new nest.
I don't want a fucking baseline.
-I don't want a new nest!
-Hey!
Memory is the enemy.
Okay.
Hey. babe. did you get ice?
I told you to get ice.
Yeah. yeah. I got it.
I got it right there.
Um. got a bag. put it by the
cooler.
One bag?
Well. the store.
they were down to two.
and I didn't wanna
clean 'em out. so.
Of ice?
-Well. it's hot. babe.
-Exactly!
Okay. Don't worry about it.
I'll go to the store
and I'll get some more.
No. Tom. it's too late.
Come on. Mark is probably--
Okay. you know what. then?
I will-- I will make some.
-I'll go into the house and I
will--
-What? Watch water freeze?
-Is that what you're gonna do?
-You're so-- Oh. I love you.
-You're gonna watch water
freeze? Okay.
-I love you!
-Yes. okay. Leave me alone.
-I love you. Shannon.
No. he's not staying there.
We told some assistant that.
like. a billion times.
I didn't say that!
No. linens! Linens. Jesus. who
the hell
needs designer fuckin' lemons?
What? Oh. fuck off.
How's your mother. David?
Very funny.
It would've killed him
to build a cell tower out here?
Hey. man.
does this look upside-down to
you?
Dude. uh. wrong person to ask.
So it's a wireless weekend.
David.
Oh. yes. Yes. totally. Yes. I
know.
And also. Tom would love help
with these chairs.
So sit. come on. build.
Come on. I got you. bro. I got
you.
Hey. thank you. Um. yep.
Totally.
Uh. just one last call.
One last call.
-Oh. one last call.
-Last call.
-I don't believe you.
-Yes.
Yes. hi. Hi. David. yes.
Remember me?
Well. uh. fuck you.
and I need to speak to business
affairs.
Thank you.
I mean.
what are they shooting at?
I've seen. like.
three squirrels.
Well. two now.
-Hey. babe?
-Yeah.
That light in the shed? It's
out.
-I thought we fixed that.
-We?
You. You. babe.
I love a woman who can get
things done.
When the guy comes to fix the
hot tub.
he can do the shed too.
-All right.
-Oh. my God! This is amazing!
Ah! It's like a late 80s summer
house.
Minus. you know. the wine
coolers.
making out with the neighbor.
and taking a shit in the bushes!
-What is up?
-You made it.
Oh my God.
I can't believe I haven't been
here.
Hoarder. You house hoarder!
-You've totally been here.
-Have I?
Yes. my baby-moon. remember?
Before Ryder.
Oh. God. Well. I was tipsy
for a lot of that. so. fresh
eyes!
You're so sweaty. What. did you
walk here all the way
from Walnut Creek?
I just got confused.
I thought it was closer to town.
I had to stop off at the
mini-mart for.
you know. essentials.
-The guy didn't wanna wait--
Hello. hello!
-Hey! Katie. fist bump.
Oh. no. fist bumps
are for four-year-olds. Tom.
Give me some hugs.
All righty. You want a drink?
Can I get you a drink?
Yes. please. I would love--
Another six-pack.
'cause one's never enough.
Oh. good. My sponsor's here.
Spouse. sorry. spouser.
Ex-spouser.
Guess I won't be
working the steps this weekend.
-Which were always so effective!
-It was kinda hard to work step
nine
over the sound of you having sex
with strangers you met on the
internet.
Oh. God! Here we go.
And wine comes in four-packs.
not six.
I'm not a heathen.
Well. once it's pull-tab.
it's pretty irrelevant. right?
I mean. you're basically
drinking booze from a juice box.
Okay. You come inside with me.
and the boys are going to build
furniture.
Yeah. we're building chairs.
Well. Tom is.
Well. you know. Gotta sit
somewhere.
Everything was rotted through
when we got here.
-so I figured while I have
you...
-Oh. my God. totally.
David loves building furniture.
He goes to a very peaceful
place.
If someone could open a
hardware bag without blasting
lug nuts everywhere...
Who opens bags with scissors.
David?
-Everyone!
-No one!
-Okay. Kate! Come on.
-I'm coming.
Well. it's good to see you.
Kate.
Oh. God. whatever. Eat me.
Okay. Yeah. You don't hear that
every day.
-I hear it a lot.
-Uh-oh.
Well. you know what? We'll let
them do their thing
and we'll do our thing. huh?
We'll have a man weekend.
A "meekend." How about that?
Did you ever go see Dr. Bindle?
You can't tell?
Don't I seem calm. consciously
uncoupled?
No. no. you do. you do. Just...
Do you mind? Tiny slices.
We did go.
It was--
Well. he's still sleeping in
the attic.
and we're still
getting divorced eventually.
But at least we can share
fridge space
without shitting
in each other's yogurt.
You know?
I mean. it would be far more
satisfying
to wrap his balls in cheesecloth
and have them permanently
pressed--
I'm so sorry.
Thinner slices. Just. like...
Are you gonna. like.
tweet the cheese plate?
Well. not anymore.
No. we're good. We're good.
I just wouldn't say we're
thriving.
Oh. God. man. Who is?
Hey. I'm just gonna
keep working on my novel.
playing some fantasy football.
A little guitar. BingingWildwood.
Bro. that shit is crazy.
Those fuckers. they keep
eating each other. What the
fuck?
Yeah. Kinda makes you appreciate
what you have. you know?
Right. Right.
So you guys are...
There's a lot of paperwork
involved.
-Divorce. you know.
-Yeah.
Plus. we. uh. you know. we still
have sex every now and again.
so...
Nice. Um. yeah. we're still.
uh. checking that box. So...
yeah.
-Anyway. I get it.
-Oh. do you. though?
Tom doesn't seem like a
sex-with-strangers-I-met-
on-the-internet kinda guy.
No. No. he's too...
lazy for that.
-Probably. but...
-Too nice to waitstaff?
Well. you know. after everything
happened and I was contagious
with misfortune.
he was like this sweet. sad.
collaterally damaged dog
just waiting to be re-homed.
What is that?
Oh. God. it's the wiring.
The guy was supposed to come
weeks ago.
It's the shed. the hot tub.
There's no AC.
and with the weather
we've been having...
-Here's hoping we don't fry.
-Mm-hmm.
-Oh. God.
-Wow.
-What is this for?
-Mine didn't come with that.
Jesus. it's heavy.
Yeah. okay. Well. let's not.
you know--
Maybe they include this so.
uh. when you assemble it
backwards.
you got to smash it.
-Right. Right.
-Instead of starting over.
Well. I'm guessing you got the
bench here.
Shit. dude.
Yeah. Hunters. opening weekend.
-Should we be wearing something
bright?
-Brighter than those shorts?
These are nice. dude.
No. you're good. You're good.
Hey. um...
would you say you're having
more sex now
-or when you were married?
-God. I don't know.
I mean. maybe now. but it's
a pain in the ass. man. Don't
do it.
Plus. married dudes live longer.
They've done studies.
Happily?
It doesn't matter. They just do.
Anyways. I've seen Shannon
at a school board meeting.
I would not wanna see her in
family court.
-No. you don't.
-No.
Shit. man.
Does it feel like
we're the only ones here?
Well. summer's done.
It's hunting season. The locals
take over.
Well. we're kind of locals.
Right. babe? I mean.
we just gotta ease into it. you
know?
-Let go a little.
-I let go.
Yeah. yeah. No. you do.
Thank you. Anyway. Tom and I.
after everything happened.
we just wanted a way
to escape the city. you know?
-And I can't believe it's only
been--
-A year.
-Exactly.
-Almost to the day.
It's so fucked up.
Has anyone talked to her?
Barely.
Not since that whole
celebration-of-life thing at
school.
I mean. I-- You know. I tried
to stay in touch for a while.
but--
That was very satisfying.
-Biodegradable. right?
-What. the golf balls?
I don't know. I thought they
were yours.
-No?
-Oops.
So. what. uh-- what kind of
wildlife
do you get out here?
-Ducks.
-I mean what kind of furry
wildlife?
-Please. ducks.
-They're not wildlife?
I mean. they're ducks.
I don't know. Like. squirrels.
skunks.
-Right. babe?
-We're not really woods people.
guys.
-What the fuck? Then why are we
here?
-Someone had to host.
And the whole. you know.
nature-is-cleansing thing.
And no one else offered.
It might as well be me.
At least I could put together
a cheese plate. No offense to
Nora.
I think this was Lily's idea.
Remember when she was
texting everyone about her
healer
and. like. drinking chloroform
and whatever?
Oh. yeah. it was chlorophyll.
Plant-based.
-Well. sorry. Not a scientist.
-She is persuasive.
Yeah. she's a free spirit.
Very free spirit.
God. I just never understood
Nora's thing with her.
High school. Years that don't
forget.
Maybe it's guilt. you know?
I mean. we all got out.
had lives. came back.
-She's exactly where we left
her.
-Her brother had very good weed.
You know. what is she.
like. a therapist now? Or a--
-I don't know.
-A life coach? That's cool.
Well. it's always the crazy
ones.
-Speaking of which...
-Oh. my God.
-Is that--
-Of course it is.
I mean. only Lily could convince
a fisherman to be her ride.
Oh. my God.
-Welcome to paradise.
-I forgot how adorable this
place is.
I mean.
I would've been here every
weekend.
Well. you know.
Grandpa was alive until
recently. so.
-Yeah. these vibes. they're so
good.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-Did you sage it? I bet you
saged it.
I do-- I-- I mean. Tom has
allergies. so.
Okay. Lil.
I'll put this in the house for
you.
Oh. thank you. Tom. Still tall.
-What is up? Hey.
-Hey.
-Wow. you look good.
-So good.
-Hi. hi. hi. hi. hi.
-Hi. hi.
You know. I didn't tip him.
-You think I should've tipped
him?
-Well. yeah. probably.
Isn't he. like.
a cab on water or whatever?
No. I think he was just
a fisherman.
Local flavor.
I mean. he didn't say much.
He's probably psyched to have
more than just dead fish on his
boat.
Well. maybe the no-bra thing
silenced him.
Oh. God. Well...
-He did look stunned.
-I'm sure.
-Okay. let's go.
-Okay.
I guess it's just gonna be
that kind of weekend.
It doesn't have to be. It's
just starting.
-I can't believe this is all
yours.
-Yeah. right?
Please.
Yeah. look at the. uh-- look at
hour hand.
-Whoo. See that?
-Diamonds?
Gothan dag!
Mikey!
-Hey!
-Yo!
What's up?
-How you doing?
- Hvat segir thu!
What is that?
That is Old Norse. my friend.
I'm getting back to my roots.
Language of the Vikings.
Yeah. except less village
sacking.
Oh. come on. man. Sack a
village.
You know what sacking is. right?
It's not like a county fair.
You know what?
I should learn a language.
Finally get to Paris and write
my novel.
My God. now you wanna go to
Paris?
Yeah. And hi. I'm Tom. Nice to
meet you.
Shelby. hi. Thanks for having
me.
-Oh. absolutely.
-Shelby. uh. sorry. Dave. David.
-Daveed. Whatever works.
-Hi. Kate.
-Hey.
-I'm sorry. I didn't know where
to park.
-I had no idea it was--
-Oh. the two miles?
Yeah. Grandpa didn't like
visitors parking down here.
Sorry.
Eg segi allt gott.
Oh. boy.
All right. So. hey. man. are you
playing fantasy football this
year?
-I didn't see your name on it.
-Yeah. No. no. no. no.
No. fresh start. You know.
Shelby.
You know. I'm on a path.
-Hi. I'm Lily.
-New me.
-Right.
-You've probably heard a lot.
-Well. you know. it's all true.
-Oh.
Oh. my God. you're so tiny.
Tiny. little fairy.
All right.
So. are you guys. like--
Did you come together?
-Oh. God. No. no. No.
-Oh. no. no. no. no.
-We can't even--
-We kinda still live together.
Yeah. but we don't drive
together.
I used to have to go limp
-in the front seat like a rag
doll.
-She is the worst passenger.
Apparently it's safer.
so my body just knew what to do.
-And our therapist said-- Well--
-Our ex-therapist.
-Suggested--
-That we drive separately.
Oh. I hear you.
When Michael drives.
I just close my eyes
and let Jesus take the wheel.
She does. And He does.
It's not really safe to drive
in sandals either. though. so.
Hey. Mike.
I'm gonna grab these bags for
you. okay?
-Oh. no. no. no. I'm fine.
-Yeah?
Yeah. no. About the bags.
if they drip. um. it's because--
Well. it's not all-- I mean.
some of it's closed.
but some of it's--
Deer meat. I usually bring my
own.
That way I know
it's been humanely slaughtered.
-Right. Okay.
-See. this way it won't get on
the rug.
It comes out with a little bit
of bleach.
but I'll just use a little bit
of cooler space.
Yeah.
Oh. gosh. Do y'all have any
more ice?
RAGE
They were huge.
Like pterodactyls. They just
kept--
So. what are we doing?
Oh. just. uh. one emotion.
Anything that comes to mind.
Well. we're in this cycle right
now.
Saturn's trajectory
and its forcefield
is essentially being attacked
by all the carbon particles put
in the air
from homogenized milk.
It's affecting the entire
animal kingdom.
But the dairy lobby is so
strong.
no one's talking about it.
That sounds kinda fake.
Shelby does a lot
of deep dives for the podcast.
Springa inn Ginnungagap.
"Leaps into the void."
Okay.
Oh no. no. no.
It's just one emotion per strip.
You've got three here.
Sometimes I feel three things.
Okay. well. just for the
purposes of the game.
I'm just gonna-- Yeah?
You said you were gonna
take the weekend off.
We haven't seen each other in
months.
It's a party game.
-Yeah. you're right.
-What about pigeons?
-We still have pigeons?-Rahvns. rahvns allt!
It was ravens. you know.
that Noah sent to test the water
levels after the flood.
How the ravens go. so go we.
Did they die. or...
I feel like I didn't read that
one.
"For the Lord will execute
judgment by fire.
and by his sword on all flesh.
and those slain by the Lord
will be many."
Isaiah 66.
Shelby. could I get you
something
to drink? Some wine. tequila?
-I'll just have water.
-Swim time! Who's coming?
-Shannon. give me a lift!
-Okay. no. but wait. wait. wait.
-No. I thought we were gonna--
-Later. later. Come with me.
In a few more cocktails.
I may no longer float!
Yeah. yeah. yeah. but it's been
a big year. and I wanna make
sure--
Tap or seltzer?
Good Lord's water is fine by me.
♪ Come on and follow me ♪
♪ No matter where we go ♪
♪ We'll be side by side
And baby. that's for sure ♪
♪ So take what you want from
me ♪
I mean. how is that where
Michael landed?
I don't know.
Farthest distance. least
familiar.
I mean. I used to always
fantasize about running away
to work in a gas station in
Montana.
I mean. just for a life
of managed expectations.
Oh. yeah. I mean.
that's a lot of standing
upright. but...
But maybe that's just what it
is now.
Faith. you know? For young
people.
Choose your own Jesus.
When I was a kid. it was like
parents playing tambourine
in a gymnasium.
-Ooh. creepy ones?
-No. no. Regular.
Well. things have changed.
-People are--
-Panicked. Fervent. Feverish.
-Don't you think?
-I do. yeah.
-Yeah.
-Max is really into dinosaurs
again.
so we're constantly reading
about
the extinction of the species
and it's harrowing. I mean. I
feel like we are on the cusp of
it.
you know? Re-extinction.
We're all gonna be dead
and they'll start over. New
amoebas.
Yep. It's free-floating anxiety.
My kids have it too.
Just waiting for the other shoe
to drop.
Yes. the apocalypse.
Forever preserved in
a layer of sediment and lava.
Well. on that note.
-You like that?
-Oh. God. yeah.
Yeah? That's your kidneys
telling you to let go.
Here?
You know. I'm usually so focused
on my client's needs.
It's nice to just. you know.
be along for the ride.
I roll for Jesus.
That's my therapy every Friday
night.
Yeah. Shelby's on a team.
They're pretty good.
-The Pinto Holy Rollers.
-Oh. so cute.
Hey. do you have. like.
a PhD or something?
No. no. No. I mean.
nobody really does that anymore.
It's not cost-effective.
Ours is a very targeted program.
and it helps people
with trauma. depression.
phobias.
So. therapy?
Without the therapist.
We put the healing in your
hands.
-Oh. gosh. Is that safe?
-Oh. absolutely.
I mean. you're not covered in
spiders.
you're not flying a plane.
-You just think you are.
-I have this recurring dream...
where I'm parasailing
wearing a sandwich board.
Nothing underneath.
It's actually very freeing.
For a while. I had this one
where I was stuffed
above the ceiling tiles.
You know. the-- the ones
with the tiny little holes?
And this old woman came through
with a giant spackler
covered in. like. nut butter.
And she just started
filling them in. one by one.
Anyway. Tom. Uh. we tailor each
sim--
simulation-- to the client's
needs.
put it on repeat
until they don't need it
anymore.
You can see the trauma
being flushed out of their
system.
I was incredibly hairy growing
up.
Mama would find me in the
kitchen trying to burn off
all my arm hair.
-It always grew back.
-Well. they say a third of us
were originally birds. Land
dwellers.
sky dwellers. water dwellers.
We all get eaten up by someone.
Anyway. that's when I found the
Lord.
"For every beast of the forest
is mine."
Psalm 50.
Oh. speaking of. here comes
Shannon.
Are we hungry?
-Starving.
-Yeah.
Oh. I'd love to put
my deer meat in the fridge.
I don't think it'll keep out
here.
Okay. Who's on deer meat?
I like to put the liver
and the heart in the cheese
drawer.
otherwise it'll just freeze
right up.
Oh. God.
Oh. my God!
Nora. I didn't even see you
there.
Fuck. are you okay? You're
soaking.
I was looking for something.
And I fell in.
Oh. fuck. Okay. Uh. Shannon!
Uh. here. Um. here. put this on.
We didn't even know
you were coming.
I didn't want anyone
to make a fuss.
Well. do you have clothes?
Do you have a bag?
-I'm not staying.
-Well. of course you're staying.
-Don't be ridiculous.
-Nora!
When did you-- I'm so glad
you're here.
-Oh. my God. you're soaking.
-Yeah. she fell in. apparently.
Oh. okay. Right. right.
Well. um. let's get you some--
-Well. I have clothes. She can
borrow--
-No clothes?
-I'm not staying.
-Oh. of course you're staying.
Don't be absurd. Michael!
-Nora.
-Michael.
I thought I'd stop by to say hi.
I honestly almost shit myself.
Like. fully shit myself.
-She looks so lost.
-Yeah.
"Naked I come from my mother's
womb
and naked I shall return there."
-No.
-Job.
No. no. no. not naked. She
just...
I'm sorry. why is Nora here?
-I have no idea.
-Was it Michael. you think?
I told him to. but I know he
didn't.
-Well. it wasn't me.
-I did.
-What the fuck?
-What?
-I knew I should've bailed.
-She said she was ready.
I could be home jerking off in
my attic.
-"Like Jesus rising from the
ashes..."
-It's trigger therapy.
and you're her triggers.
I'm sorry. you're her therapist
now?
-It's more of a spiritual guide.
-Oh. my God!
-I'm still working on my hours.
-This seems advanced for that.
Well. it's not like we don't
trust you.
because yoga was cool.
Oh. my God. Just say it. Tom.
It's dangerous. it's selfish.
and it ruins our weekend. which
we deserve because life is hard
enough.
Her life is a little harder.
Well. one of my biggest
triggers is flesh.
Bloody flesh in particular.
So I keep it with me until I can
experience it in my life
without anxiety.
-I'm afraid to ask.
-Look. Lil. we're here to relax.
-This is--
-It's not helpful to her.
Right. It's not like she's not
invited.
Well. you're wrong.
It's cathartic. and it's
life-changing.
Here's hoping.
And if nothing else. at least
we'll have some great
conversations.
some fresh air. and home-cooked
baby fawn.
Can I get you something?
Nora?
Sorry?
To drink. Do you want a soda.
or--
How did you meet Michael?
Oh. um. in grief group.
-I thought he might have
mentioned.
-No. he didn't.
You're not really friends with
them. huh?
Oh. well. I mean. they-- they
seem nice.
It's just Michael keeps things
pretty...
Well. he's sad. you know.
It's not like he's forgotten
or--
Do you have any kids?
Not yet. no.
-But actually--
-Well. when you do. you'll
understand.
It's. um-- it's just different.
I didn't even know if I wanted
kids.
My parents...
Well. Daddy was a big drinker.
and-- and my mom.
she was a manager at Craftway.
so. pretty crazy hours.
So you carry bloody meat around
in bags
to make yourself feel better?
-As a reminder. I guess.
-Yeah.
That we all end up in the
cheese drawer.
Exactly.
Hey.
-I won't bite. you know.
-I know.
I know. It's just. you know.
Nora's here.
And Shelby. I'm trying to--
Be respectful.
-Yeah.
-It's sweet.
You know. in-- in grief group.
really. they-- they recommend
that you--
-Don't fuck your wife's friends.
-Okay.
Yeah.
-It was a difficult time.
-Yeah.
-And now it's not?
-Look. I'm just. um...
I'm trying to. uh--
-You know. I owe it to--
-Shelby?
She's 25.
You really think you're her
last stop?
She gets me. okay?
Yeah. She doesn't judge.
She will. though.
They all do. eventually.
But not me.
'Cause I was there.
and when you remember that.
you'll be back.
Excuse-- excuse me.
And he would just sit there
with a crossbow.
-He was focused on these wolves.
-Uh-huh.
He thought they were
trying to get his rabbits.
-Mm-hmm.
-Oh. God.
David. can you go get
one of those bug lanterns from
the shed?
-Now?
-Oh. my God.
Before they eat us alive.
please.
Okay.
You're gonna have to crawl
around in there.
'cause Tom's too tall.
All right.
Oh. God. Anyway.
he was a big believer in
personal punishments.
Eye for an eye. Leviticus.
Been around forever.
Not really Jesus at his finest.
though. is it?
Yeah. I bet you never
left the coop open again.
And you could probably
murder a chicken in your sleep.
"Give them great meals
of beef and iron and steel.
they will eat like wolves
and fight like devils."
Shakespeare.
I was wondering where you went.
I thought you ran off
like a little rooster.
Shannon. I love the decoration
and the house. the interior.
I remember it from
the one time I was invited.
-It's okay.
-Where's Nora?
I thought she was with you.
-Maybe upstairs. Should I go--
-I'm sure she's fine.
She can't have gone far.
Hopefully.
Anyway. that's my next project.
Clean out the shed. get rid of
all the--
-Axes. crossbows. and shotguns.
-Exactly.
Jesus!
-Hi.
-Fuck.
-I'm so sorry to scare you.
Hey. I thought it was
wireless weekend. sir.
Oh. Yeah.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
-So dark in here. right?
-Yeah.
Yeah. Michael wanted an axe. so.
Oh. my God.
You think they'd have killed it
by now.
How is that deer heart. Shelby?
No. no. no. Shelby doesn't eat--
Oh. I-- I just keep it to
remind me
that it was a living being.
Okay. That's cool.
-I don't actually hunt it.
-Well. it's very bloody.
-I only buy fresh.
-Oh. that's good. So. you're--
-Honoring the animal.
-Oh. like the fish with the
eyeballs in!
I think it's good to remember
how fleeting life is.
That at any moment...
We could all be eaten.
Anyway. Tom. It is delicious.
What is the seasoning?
Oh. thanks. That's. um. well.
you know...
Shannon doesn't give me
compliments anymore.
-Oh. my God.
-So. just salt.
Tom is very good with tongs.
That's me.
Gotta get my tongs in any way I
can.
So. Shannon. How's Maddie?
Still dancing?
Oh. yeah. she's good. She's
good.
Third grade.
so all. you know. girl dynamic.
I can imagine.
-She has friends?
-Yeah. she does. Nice kids.
No pool parties. I hope.
No.
Babe. let's not?
It's okay.
I guess it should be
sort of unseemly at this point.
No one's saying that.
Hey. can I get anybody a drink?
Uh. yeah.
I'd like a vodka soda. light on
the soda.
I thought you were sober.
-No. not right now.
-Huh.
-Is that okay?
-I just figured after what
happened--
Well. we're adults. Nora.
We can have a weekend.
Model parenting was
never really your thing anyway.
-was it?
-What does that mean?
Getting drunk at a
four-year-old's
birthday party in the park?
You said I was fine.
You said nobody noticed.
It was 9:00 in the morning.
Kate. You threw up
under the monkey bars.
-We had to rope them off.
-I had food poisoning!
You had booze in a sippy cup.
-And yet somehow. your kid is
still alive.
-Oh. Nora--
-We think about Hannah all the
time. Nora.
-Do you? Sleep at night?
We haven't forgotten. Obviously
it's different for you and for
Michael.
-How is Maddie's knee?
-Sorry?
I remember she scraped it that
day. but I don't know
if she actually drew blood.
I do remember all the adults
were running around
looking for a band-aid.
-Babe. let's go for a walk.
Come on.
-Maddie was six. She fell.
-So we were making sure that
she--
-Had the right fucking band-aid.
We weren't in the pool. Nora.
We weren't watching her.
She wasn't our kid.
-She was with Michael.
-Oh. boy. Here we go.
-I'm sorry. but it's true.
-It is true.
But it takes a village. doesn't
it?
Nora. it's okay to be mad.
It's okay to wanna
poop your insides out on the
floor.
-That's what Jesus is for.
-Shelby. it's okay. I got-- I
got this.
Oh. now he's got this.
Trust me. honey.
Multitasking was never his
strong suit.
-Don't do this. Nora.
-Especially when a woman is
involved.
He suddenly has
the mental capacity of a pizza
box.
-Jesus. Nora. Can we just--
-Hey. Lily. You wanna chime in
here?
-Do a little bit of your
therapy?
-Uh. no. This is Nora's journey.
-We don't interfere.
-Oh. nice.
So. shit-filled fan.
your work here is done?
Any time you wanna
start identifying your triggers.
Oh. can I go first?
Because I don't know if sleeping
with my husband counts.
but that's always been
really triggering for me.
-Damn it.
-Oh. God. barely.
-What do you mean. barely?
-You slept with David?
I'm a sexual person.
You know I have different
boundaries.
-You don't have any boundaries.
-He's not my husband.
-Well. you were my friend.
-Oh. was I?
'Cause you disappeared. All of
you did.
Nobody returned my calls.
except David.
Yeah. I'm sure he did.
-And Michael.
-Oh. did he?
"Faithful are the wounds of a
friend. Profound are the kisses
of an enemy."
-That one's a proverb.
-Yes. Thank you. that's so
helpful.
We just have to hold on
until Jesus calls you home.
-Shelby.
-Not that we should be in a
rush.
Oh. I'm not. But I'll get there.
-Well. on that note. I think
I'll--
-Yes. please. Me too.
Oh. God. I'm so sorry. I get so
dark
these days. It's the medication.
-We're still tinkering with the
dosage.
-It's okay. It's okay.
-I'm sorry. Katie.
-No. no. It's fine. it's fine.
-Totally. I think I just--
-You need a drink.
I do need one! Shannon. Anyone
else?
I'll come.
Maybe I should have one after
all.
I'm not sure...
that I can do this.
She's in a lot of pain.
Aren't we all? I mean. as a
species.
You were there too? That day?
Yeah. I mean. briefly.
It was...
it was a lot.
It must be really hard for you.
It's amazing y'all stayed
friends.
White. red? Weren't you rosé?
-I was vodka tonic.
-Oh. that's right!
-Can I make you one?
-I should probably just have
water.
I gotta take my meds.
Doesn't really mix well.
Oh. duh. Of course. been there.
Yeah. Antipsychotics. mostly.
Also horse tranquilizers
in case of emergency.
Instant blackout.
Oh. wow. Really?
Since they-- I mean. I'd take
anything.
You would. Remember how
scared I used to be of needles?
Oh. my God. Yes. the flu shot!
Passing out at the drugstore.
You took out that. like.
entire display case of nasal
spray.
I did.
God. I could be a heroin addict
now.
-I don't even flinch.
-So. is it helping?
Here and there.
-I can't imagine.
-No. you can't.
Remember in New York we used
to buy such cheap bottles of
wine
that we'd have to break the
corks
to get them open?
Oh. God. We had no standards.
Like. none.
-Three-buck chardie!
-Oh. how did we survive?
Nothing in our stomachs.
Mild eating disorders. No
hydration.
I think I shit in the bathtub
once.
I'm not totally sure. but...
-You did.
-Oh. yeah.
-Oh. yeah. those were the days.
-Yeah.
To living above 96th Street.
Oh. God. Well. that's what I get
for buying wine from the
mini-mart.
-Well. salud.
-Nostrovia.
Jealousy.
Bitterness.
Envy.
-Fear.
-Time's up.
Jesus. Rage.
Rage. okay. Yeah. nice. subtle.
-Dave and Katie. you're up.
-Oh. God. okay.
-Oh. I don't think I can do it.
-You got it!
-Ah. thank you.
-No.
They still haven't figured out
that black lung thing.
-Vitamin E or rat feces or
whatever.
-Shannon...
-We have kids at home.
-Oh. busted.
You know what's so funny?
When you're not a mother
anymore.
no one cares what you do with
your body. It's like you could
skydive into work
they'd be like. "Well. there are
seven billion people on the
planet.
-One less won't make a
difference."
-Babe.
There's your trauma talking.
This is good.
It's like when you're not tied
to sustaining the species
anymore.
you're taxing the system. you
know?
I say once a mother.
always a mother.
Okay. sorry. Can we do this now?
I don't like standing
while I drink.
Yes. Begin.
You're contributing to
the overall health of humanity.
putting love into this world
to help it hum at a higher
frequency.
I wish I could believe that.
You manifest yourself
as kindness in all you do.
-Oh. that's nice.
-Psalm 145.
-Desire!
-God. yes. Thank you.
No. you cannot guess one
another's!
This is a team thing.
-Oh.
-It-- it's really more about
God than you.
but something to aspire to.
Okay. so now. why do we--
I'm totally just curious.
Why do we need a quote from
Jesus or whatever
to illustrate the point?
I mean. can't we just be good
people without needing. like. a
magical unicorn
-to show us how?
-Unicorns aren't real.
-They aren't?
-Well. no offense. but neither
is Jesus.
I don't need a talking horse or
a mythical sheep farmer
to tell me what to think.
I can just kinda guess. right?
I mean. if I'm a relatively
good person.
Are we. though? Are we good
people?
-Disdain.
-Yeah! Whoop. whoop!
Oh. I give up. You two.
-Oh.
-Fucker!
Cold in here. dudes.
Start that fire now?
Oh. right. We just need some
more wood.
-I'll go.
-Oh. no. we. uh--
No. we don't chop down the trees
around here. We buy our wood in
bulk.
-Oh. man. Uh. babe. about that.
-You didn't buy wood.
-There's a forest right out
there.
-It's landscaping.
You don't pay a landscaper 20
grand and then just chop it down
a few weeks later.
-Come on.
-No worries. Yeah. no. I'll go.
-I'm-- I'm a Viking.
-Chop at a neighbor's.
-Yeah.
-I'll come.
No. no. no. No. it's fine. I
got it.
But I want to.
I'm all right. Go ahead.
See? She's all right.
-Right. Lily?
-What?
Don't decapitate any rabbits.
Wolves. not rabbits.
Why would you decapitate a
rabbit?
-One less rabbit. I guess.
-Good luck!
One last supper for the wolf.
So. are we supposed to just...
-be chopping down trees. or...
-I think just wood that's
already--
-Died?
-Yeah.
-Waiting to be hauled away?
-Exactly.
A Viking. huh?
Yeah. well. you know.
It's a new me. Fresh start.
With Old Norse? Does that come
in handy?
Yeah. well. that's. uh...
Shelby. you know. she does
these. uh. reenactment things
on the weekend.
-It meant a lot to her.
-Right. Of course.
I can't believe we never went
camping.
We bought that huge tent with
that. like. pop-out lounge
thing. remember?
And we told Hannah that
if she did one whole night
in her bed on her own.
-we'd do it.
-Yeah.
But she kept coming in. asking
questions
about cheetahs or volcanoes.
-Or if trees can have babies.
-At 2:00 in the morning.
Like clockwork. And then we'd
all have to cram into her
little tiny bed.
Littered with stuffed animals.
Remember she had that pink
little sloth.
or whatever it was?
You just touched it
and it would light up and sing
for hours.
Couldn't turn it off.
Had to let it play itself out.
-We threw it away. right?
-Yeah. neighbor's trash can.
It was the only place far enough
where we couldn't hear it.
right?
I mean. I'm sure they could.
but...
Well. we did our sleep training
follow through. we read our
books.
We had our united front.
and... never went camping.
So glad we stayed on message.
She didn't die mad. you know.
Whatever thought she had
in her little head before. uh--
-Before the panicked ones?
-Was of a loving. happy family.
If she could carry something
with her.
it would be that.
Does it work that way? You get
to choose your screensaver
before it all goes black?
You do. I have to believe that
you do.
Well. I guess we'll know when
we know.
Yeah.
That does not look sharp. that
axe.
You're really gonna have to
swing that.
-Are you saying that I can't
swing it?
-Oh. no. no.
No. you're shockingly strong
for someone with a comp lit
degree.
Thank you so much.
The perfect blend of Faulkner
and force.
Well. certainly the utter and
heartbreaking stupidity of
words.
That. I have.
Yeah.
Life could have been so
different.
Can I hold it?
Sure.
It's heavy.
Ooh. it is.
I don't know. man.
I'm not sure what we could chop
down.
♪ I've been stuck here every
day ♪
♪ With an appetite for
confusion ♪
♪ I've been wanting
Just to pass the time ♪
♪ Bottle of red and musing ♪
♪ I just wanna cry ♪
♪ Melody blue ♪
Michael?
Nora?
Okay. Michael.
Lily wants to do some kind of
moon yoga with everyone. so...
Hi. Shelby.
Oh. my goodness gracious. You
scared me.
Oh. did you... kill something?
No. Oh. no. no. no. This is
just...
Well... yes. probably.
Where's Michael?
-Maybe he left?
-Sorry?
You parked up the road. right?
We didn't wanna block anyone.
-And Shannon said there wasn't--
-I'd go get your car.
These reunions can get so
boring.
Probably the best time to leave.
His life was ruined too. you
know.
He thinks about Hannah every
day.
I'm sure. but that little part
of his brain that feels guilty?
That little part closes up shop.
and off he goes to work
or have drinks with his buddies
or have sex with someone like
you
who doesn't remind him
of the life he once had.
And he may not be whole. but...
he's closer than he should be.
So he can't be happy again?
-He's not allowed?
-No. he can't. She can't. So.
no. sorry.
-He's gonna be a father.
-He was a father.
Again.
He tried to tell you.
It was important to him that
you knew.
You're gonna be a great mother.
He just won't be around to see
it.
It's against God's law to take
a life.
Well. I guess he should've
thought of that
before he took Hannah's.
If I see Michael. I'll tell him
you left.
You should have
an easy drive along the five.
-Does anyone else feel sick?
-Maybe it was the meat trio.
Shelby said she loved it.
Well.
Shelby puts animal hearts in
plastic bags.
She's not exactly a food critic.
-Oh. my God.
-Oh. shit. Kate.
-I'm so sorry. I don't even--
-Did she just...
Oh. shit. Hey. do you have a
towel. or...
-I got-- I got a napkin.
-Tom. hose!
Oh. all right. On it. on it.
No one's gonna wanna do trust
falls now.
Just take this.
Hey. you okay?
You want a water?
No. I'm fine. I'm fine.
I just...
Oh. shit.
-What?
-Your. uh. your nose. You're
bleeding.
Oh. God. Oh. my God. gross!
Why is everything so gross?
Oh. my God.
Come on. where is this?
-You got a body in there?
-Oh! Shit.
You scared-- Oh. gosh. Kate got
sick.
-Oh. not surprising.
-Yeah.
Hey. is that blood? Oh. shit.
Oh!
Someone else didn't do wireless
weekend.
Yeah. that's Shannon's for
emergencies.
But. um...
-Oh.
-Yeah. we gotta get that.
Excuse. Come on. watch your
step here.
Oh. I used to love this song.
Remember that fundraiser
the first year at White Oaks?
Shannon made that embarrassing
speech about parenting
and Kate blacked out.
I danced with Michael to this.
Weird. Is someone in the hot
tub?
No. It's broken. actually.
-I think we missed it.
-Oh. what the hell?
Gosh. that water looks warm.
I'd get in.
but I don't know if I'd get out.
I just-- I'll get it.
Can you see okay?
Or do you want me
to turn on the---
No. no. no. no!
Don't touch that!
Do you know that voltage
just loves saltwater?
Which is in our bodies.
so it really takes a shortcut
through the human form to get.
I don't know. wherever it is
it's going.
Apparently it saves time. Who
knew?
Anyway. I would help you.
but I don't have rubber boots
on.
and I was told that you never
touch a downed power line.
You know what?
I should probably turn this off
so that no one makes the same
mistake.
It's a shame.
You really were
the nicest one in the bunch.
But as Lily says.
you can't use old wood to make
a new nest.
Tom?
Especially with so many hawks
around.
-You out here?
-He is never where I need him
to be.
Oh. shit.
God. Tom! What are you doing?
You know that we are not
supposed to be using--
I called the electrician weeks
ago
and he still hasn't--
Tom?
Oh. God. Oh. God. Oh. God. Oh.
God!
-Tom? Tom. Tom! Tom!
-Oh. God! Oh. God! Oh. God!
-Oh. God!
-Hey. hey!
Do the thing!
The thing with the thing. the
mouth thing!
-Wake up!
-We gotta take him in.
What do you mean. in?
In. like. a hospital?
-I mean. like--
-I don't know!
-Tom. Tom!
-Pull him out!
All right. buddy.
Keys. keys! Who's got the keys?
Tom has them. They're in that
pocket
right there. right there.
-Got it.
-Okay. Okay.
-Kate. please stay here.
-What the fuck? No!
Michael is missing.
and Shelby and Nora might come
back.
No. I don't care. I don't give
a shit.
I'm not staying here
to get eaten
by some fucking forest monster!
There's no forest monster!
Jesus. Kate!
Whoa. shit! Open the door.
open the door. open the fucking
door!
-Oh my God. I feel sick.
-Don't you fucking vomit on Tom.
Uh. Hey. uh. Nora? Uh. we gotta
go.
-Tom's in. uh-- in a kind of a
bad way--
-Oh. Jesus Christ.
Hey. hon? Do you mind
moving the fuck out of the way?
We'll be right back. Okay.
thanks.
-Oh. my God! Okay. okay.
-Go. go. go!
-You've just gotta go.
-I can't just run her over!
You are an exec. David!
You can run her over!
Oh God. I gotta get inside.
I gotta throw up.
On the count of three.
we go inside. we leave the body.
It's not "the body." it's Tom.
Oh. God. I think I shit myself.
And go!
Oh. no.
Oh. baby. I'm sorry.
I love you. I'll be right back.
Holy shit.
-Oh. God. I'm so sorry!
-Leave the body! Now!
-Jesus!
-Oh. my God!
Oh. my God!
-Oh!
-Oh. my God!
There y'all are.
Gosh. I. um...
Well. I ate all of the gummies.
and I think they were the happy
ones.
'cause I am jacked!
-Who wants a drink?
-I need water.
Oh. it's not exactly wat-- Okay.
-Nora's trying to kill us with
an axe.
-What?
And Tommy's unconscious.
Or dead. He's probably dead.
Oh. my God. heart attack?
That's why I do intermittent
fasting.
-Honestly. it does make a
difference.
-No. Jesus!
He was electrocuted
in the fucking hot tub!
Oh. I thought they fixed that.
-No. no. The electrician never
came.
-Oh. that's not surprising.
We need an ambulance. Or a
motorboat.
The sea pirate that dropped you
off.
do you have his number?
Why would I get his number?
He was. like. 80.
Oh. what the fuck? Where's my
phone?
It was charging in the bathroom.
Oh it's. um-- it's in the shed
in-- in a garden box by the
gnomes.
Jesus! Shit.
Well. wireless weekend. David!
We agreed.
-Get the fuck away!
-Oh. shit. shit. shit. shit!
Please. help me.
Oh. my God. Michael! Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God!
Shelby left. I don't understand.
-What did you say to her. Lily?
-Nothing.
I was about to be a father.
Not with me.
-Lily!
-Oh. my God. Get him out.
-Get him out!
-We could give her Lily!
If we have to give her someone.
She's pretty high. she might
not notice.
We're not giving her anyone!
-Oh. God!
-What is happening?
Okay. get to the kitchen!
-Why the kitchen?
-Go. go. go. go!
We gotta go. we have to go.
Don't worry. everything is fine.
I'm gonna lock the door.
This is not a big deal.
Nora.
I want you to take a deep
breath. okay?
Let's try and find our baseline.
You know. sometimes. um. certain
phrases can trigger a sense of
calm.
I need a bathroom.
Okay. look. I wasn't gonna say
anything 'cause we don't like
to interfere.
but none of this is real.
-What?
-Um. it's all a sim-- a
simulation.
-It's a part of her program.
-My colon's unwinding.
Okay. so ClearMind
is all about finding a safe
space
to release aggression
in a controlled setting.
Revenge fantasies.
but with a therapeutic goal.
-What the fuck?
-It's like death. but with a
safety net.
So you're all fine.
I don't feel fine!
You know.
the session is taking longer
than usual.
and I am having trouble with
host mode.
And I see-- You know. I am sort
of in somewhat of
a new territory myself.
-Oh. okay.
-Oh. God.
Am I bleeding? I'm bleeding.
aren't I?
You know what? I think that if
someone took responsibility
for what happened.
that she would really wrap it
up.
And you were there.
and you were there.
-And you were there!
-Yeah. for. like. 15 minutes.
You were flirting with
her husband in the pool.
Well.
we obviously remember things
differently.
Not differently. Perfectly.
I asked Nora for a bowl 'cause
I wanted to help her with
crudités.
and she assumed that Michael
was in the pool with Hannah.
but Michael was in the pool
with you.
Because you cannot stand
to go for more than five minutes
without feeling desired
by somebody else's husband.
Oh. yes. please let me fuck
your sad. paunchy husbands.
-Stop it.
-There were 40 other people at
that party.
Watching somebody else's kid
is not my job.
She's right.
It was Michael's job.
Oh. my God.
It's a gun now. She's got a gun.
Nora. put down the gun.
And your job. and your job.
And really. Lily. your job.
You're right. Nora.
Our village has failed you.
You're bleeding.
-Make it stop.
-Maybe it's the Midazolam.
I tripled the dose since
you always had such a high
tolerance.
That's right. This is all so
that you can tell the village
how you feel.
Your anger. but with your words.
Oh. God. Kate! Kate!
I'm fine. I think I'm fine.
I just have to rest here.
-Oh my God. David!
-Nora. come on.
I want you to sit down.
It's not a multiplayer game.
Lily. So it's not up to you.
Well. we always been a team.
remember?
We're fuckin' kinder-buddies.
-Line leader.
-Super snooper.
-Yeah.
-Yes. you've always had my back.
Even when I shoplifted at
Lyman's
in eighth grade.
You got candy bars.
I got community service.
-I know.
-Oh. God. I'm fine.
Remember junior prom. when you
got bored
and you ditched your date?
-And you fucked him.
-And you're welcome.
You're right. Lily.
When shit goes down. you're
always there.
Finally!
We're sorry.
We just--
Seeing you. it was so hard.
But we will never forget.
We will never forget Hannah.
It's too late. Shannon.
For Kate. Michael. Tom.
For you too.
What the fuck? Lily. do
something.
-Oh. she can't. I've disabled
host mode.
-What?
It was shockingly easy.
Just a tiny button.
How do you feel? Powerless?
End game. Nora. Right now.
Did you know that the average
human can only hold their breath
for 30.
maybe 60 seconds underwater
before they start to take it in?
Even less for children. We're
so fragile.
Nora. please.
First. you hold your breath
until it feels like your brain
is on fire.
-Okay.
-Then you suck in water
and your larynx closes.
Once you've passed out and
your lungs are completely
collapsed.
only then the body relaxes.
You've stopped breathing.
but the heart still beats.
Seven minutes.
It takes seven minutes to be
officially dead.
which is actually quite long.
-That sounds awful.
-Oh. I'm sure it was.
But it only takes two minutes
to die from a gunshot wound.
That's a strategically-placed
one.
And I'm not a good shot.
so yours should be slower.
Nora. no!
Tom's still really. really
quiet.
but maybe breathing.
I-- I can't-- I can't tell.
but the keys are gone.
The tires are flat. I don't--
We'll go to the neighbors
and they can drive us out.
I-- I don't know
if there really are neighbors.
-I mean. the map isn't really
built out.
-Bullshit. Lily!
A grizzled fisherman dropped
you off. and I don't care
if he's an avatar
or a hologram or a Russian
teenager
in his Nana's basement.
He's getting us off this
fucking lake!
-Shut up!
-Jesus. David.
I don't even know what's
happening. I don't even know
what's out there.
Oh. fuck. Fuck! Fuck!
God. no. no. no!
Fuck! Oh. God.
-I know.
-What about town?
Kate went through town.
That's gotta be a way out.
I guess it is possible.
But I-- I'm really too high for
this.
Hey! You need to focus. Lily!
David. I had so many gummies.
Okay.
Okay. In the game. in the sim.
you're on autosave. okay?
So the only way to regenerate.
the only way to begin again--
What. is to die?
Well. I mean.
technically Nora is Player One.
so it's not game over until...
Until she is.
All right. we gotta do it.
No! David! It's--
I mean. it's just--
it's a video game.
You said it's the only way!
-Clean slate. level one.
-Shh!
Maybe-- maybe Tom's still alive.
Maybe Kate's still alive. huh?
Maybe even the Jesus freak.
-Oh. I don't even know if she's
real.
-What?
She might be a real version
of a fake version of a real one.
She's from the Holy Roller
Renegades.
She came with the hot tub
and shooting range.
-Oh. Jesus Christ.
-Oh. he's the final boss in
that one.
And it gets so dark. David.
but it is popular with the
church kids.
Well. I know what we gotta do.
Go get Player One.
Oh. no.
Maybe Shannon let her out.
Hey. Ka-- Hey. Kate? Kate. Hey.
hon.
She's-- she's probably sleeping.
Um. do you wanna help me
move her body to the couch.
or...
This is fucked up. man.
I need something stronger.
Where are you going?
I'm taking a break.
Well. that's not really an
option for you.
You're an NPC.
And if anybody's
gonna be taking a break...
Be my guest.
Well. you need to stay here
and stand guard.
Stand guard over what?
-Your dead wife.
-I'm pretty sure she's sleeping.
You know. you really shouldn't
be vaping.
You heard Shannon.
-I'm not Tom!
-Well. apparently there's
studies!
Look where it got him.
Dead in the fuckin' hot tub!
I'm gonna smoke some rat shit
and vitamin E.
Oh. God.
Hey. uh Bob.
This is Lily from over on the
third floor.
and. um. I was just wondering
if maybe...
I don't know. I'm having trouble
reaching. uh. one of my
technicians.
and you know we're doing beta
testing
over at ClearMind. so. um. well.
I-- I was just thinking that
maybe
you could pop down there
and see if the system's
still on or needs a reboot.
It is urgent.
I've been locked out of host
mode
by one of the--
If you could just call me back.
Hello?
Fuck. Toddler caps. Open.
That was Grandpa's.
He wouldn't want you touching
it.
Well. then maybe
you should have emptied out the
shed.
Okay. You don't have to do
this. Nora. It's not gonna bring
Hannah back.
-You think I don't know that?
-Okay. well. then let's sit down
and you can tell me everything.
We could do like the third
grade.
-We could have a pillow circle.
-Boring.
I don't know what
Lily's been telling you--
That you can't use old wood
to build a new nest.
-So time for the wood chipper.
-Oh. my God!
Metaphorically. I don't think
they really have one on this
level.
Nora. please.
You need help. You need--
you need a therapist.
A real one.
This is therapy.
It's what healing looks like.
Right. Lily?
-That's weird. Where'd she go?
-I just assumed...
I mean. isn't she dead?
No. Not dead.
-Not yet.
-There you are.
I tried to get a hold of
somebody at the office.
but there's nobody there.
So we're just gonna-- we're--
we're just gonna ride this one
out.
And Bob. he's not gonna be back
until Tuesday around 9:00.
-I killed Michael.
-Metaphorically.
Actually. But I felt calm.
Serene. almost.
I gotta say. your cue
absorption.
it is quite impressive.
-Unbelievable.
-Isn't it?
They say it risks
deteriorating human connection.
but I think the simality is
incredible.
Like life. only more so.
Oh. shit!
I'm confused. Does that-- does
it hurt?
Of course it fucking hurts!
What the fuck?
It's all about
controlling your startle reflex.
Exposure without the excitement.
I feel nothing.
There's really-- Oh. God!
Blood. blood.
Really. really bleeding.
It's so vivid. right? You'd
love it.
Shannon. The colors really pop.
Please. somebody help me.
I need an ambulance. Please!
Oh. I think I'd have to level
up for that.
and I'm not ready.
I need a hos-- hospital.
Nora. what is this? What are
you doing?
Oh. I had a memory restore.
Host mode. I guess.
Of Michael in the pool that day.
It was you he was talking to.
I was looking at you
because I wasn't sure.
And that moment I took
to figure out if it was my old
friend
keeping my husband
from watching our child--
Because. I don't know.
you were bored or it was a
challenge.
or because I was happy and you
were sad.
or whatever it is that
really fucked-up people feel
when they want what you have--
that moment of indecision. of
trust...
it cost me-- well. it cost us...
Hannah.
Everything.
Nora. the mind reconfigures.
No wonder you felt so guilty!
Anyway.
I really hope that you get your
hours
-or your certification or
whatever.
-Don't do this.
Nora. you-- you'll lose
everything.
You'll lose memories you-- you
love.
memories you need.
Oh. like the one of my body
hitting the pavement?
Of cards piling up at our door?
What about memory-- memories
of who Hannah was?
Who you were?
What does it matter who I was?
I'm wiping the slate clean.
Lily.
For all of us.
No!
Stop!
What the fuck. Gary?
You can't answer the fucking
phone?
-I was in the bathroom! You
seemed fine.
-Oh. really?
Like a triple homicide
was a great time to take a piss?
Sorry. you know.
I was monitoring the cortisol
emissions
-and not the kill rate.
-Yeah. not the kill rate.
Jesus Christ. I know.
I could've murdered 'em myself.
Oh. my God. Nora. So vivid.
You did not need to be there.
Well. you didn't have to
shoot me with a crossbow.
Or make me that high.
Or that overtly sexual.
Is that what you think of me?
-Did you sleep with Michael?
-Oh. come on.
Well. you seemed pretty
comfortable
by the barbecue.
Uh. girl. that's all your brain.
Jesus. where were you even
hiding?
Underneath the stairs?
That's not important.
-Well. you went 30 minutes over.
-I thought you were never gonna
wrap up.
I wanted to see if it made a
difference
to hear from everyone.
Yeah. maybe on your co-pay.
I don't think your insurance
-is gonna pay for a double
session.
-What about the memory restore?
-What do we say about memory?
-It's the enemy.
But it's all good. okay?
It is about the heart count.
not the head count.
and it's just a bunch of 3D
ultrasound images gathering in
space.
-For now.
-Yeah. for now.
Girl. you did not kill Tom
first!
-I wanted to kill Michael.
-Mm-hmm.
-But I let the girlfriend go.
-Yes. you did.
-I almost didn't.
-I was like. "You go!"
-That was. like. next level.
-I mean. it's literally the
next level.
And we are gonna get there.
Gary. let's hook her up to the
bird cams and get a baseline
before we sign off.
-Okay.
All right.
Okay.
Okay. girl. let's put on those
wings.
The nest.
-It's gone.
-Yeah. it fell.
You were in the game.
so I didn't wanna--
But you know what was in there?
A hawk with its eyes pecked out.
-Oh. God.
-Yeah. I don't know if the
other hawks
got mad at him
or the bird was just over his
shit. but...
dead hawk.
Okay.
Let's just be glad you're not a
bird.
So. what do you say?
You like Tuesday at 3:00?
Oh. I'm not gonna need Tuesday.
I'm ready to drop the nest.
kill a hawk. and move on.
Well. I think you're just
exhausted.
-It was a big day.
-They're all big days.
Gary? Can I get my things?
-Lily?
-Yeah?
I am so sorry. But thank you.
-Thank you.
-What are you doing?
Hey. what are you-- Please
don't.
What are you doing?
I'm really sorry. Lily.
that you're not gonna get your
hours.
Are you kidding me?
Nora. don't do this. Please
don't do this.
You know what. this is just
like you.
This is just like you.
that I get something for me.
something for me.
Maybe I want a fresh start.
You drag me down like a fucking
anchor.
Hey! You're never gonna kill a
hawk. Nora.
It's just not in your nature.
You're just a sad little bird
in a borrowed nest.
just waiting for the wind to
blow.
Maybe it's time to make it mine.
Uh. what's the Wi-Fi password?
Daddy. look!
What is it? What happened?
Somebody call 911!
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Nora.
Jesus. I didn't even see you
there.
Fuck. Are you... okay? You're
here.
I was lost. but I found it.
Oh. okay. Oh.
Oh. fuck. okay. Uh. Shannon?
Uh. here. come.
Hi! Oh. wow. Come. sit.
Were you-- Where did you--
We didn't even know you were
coming.
-I didn't want anyone making a
fuss.
-Can I take that?
Oh. it's not heavy.
-Uh. did you bring clothes?
-I'm not staying.
Oh. don't be ridiculous.
Of course you're staying.
-Is Lily here?
-Uh...
Nora. Uh. when did--
I didn't know--
Um. I'm so--
so glad you're here.
Yeah. she was lost. apparently.
-Can I take that for you?
-Oh. no. I thought I'd chop
some firewood.
Oh. we-- we don't
cut the trees down around here.
-No. We-- we buy our wood--
-In bulk. I heard.
But Tom might have forgotten.
right?
Right. Yeah. Yeah. sure.
-Let me get you a drink.
-Oh. I'm not staying.
Of course you are. Don't be
absurd.
Don't-- Uh. Michael?
Nora.
Lily.
I thought I'd stop by to say hi.
♪ I've been wallowing in loss ♪
♪ For a long time ♪
♪ Oh. mmm ♪
♪ I'm not trying to wallow
It just happens that way ♪
♪ And everything around you
Just breaks and mends ♪
♪ Comes and goes. ebbs and
flows
Starts and ends ♪
♪ When the wind blows
Through the trees ♪
♪ You can't imagine
What that does to me ♪
♪ Mmm. mmm ♪
♪ And if a pair of Lilac
Rollers ♪
♪ Turn their beaks
Into the sun ♪
♪ And their green throats
Strike like lightning ♪
♪ Well. I'm done ♪
♪ And when anybody laughs ♪
♪ It's my beloved's laugh I
hear ♪
♪ When anybody cries
I feel my life pass in their
tears ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Have you ever taken life
in your own hands ♪
♪ Held it like a Wiffle ball ♪
♪ and threw as hard as you could ♪
♪ Watch it hit the wall like a melon ♪
♪ And pick it up from the grass
because somebody should? ♪
♪ But oh. ♪
♪ it pains me ♪
♪ To see you walking around
and thinking about the girl ♪
♪ In a daydream. ♪
♪ Have you ever gone
back to the bottom ♪
♪ And replayed your mistakes
like a video tape? ♪